The following image shows all hardware ingredients which I used for the Peppy project. The usage of each ingredient will be discussed in detail in separate chapters. Please follow the navigation links to read about particular component. I'll also provide the links to web sites where you can buy these components. Please don't consider it as advertisements as I don't work for those companies. This is done to save you search time. Also be aware that availability of the component today doesn't mean that it will be available tomorrow. Though I'll try to keep these links up-to-date. You can definitely use another appropriate components but this document will describe installation and configuration of the particular hardware components shown below.
<p align="center">
[[https://github.com/project-owner/Peppy.doc/blob/master/images/hardware/hardware.png|alt=Hardware]]
</p>
1. Power Supply. This is very important component in any project. Under-powering your system can cause many intermittent problems. Therefore I recommend to use good power supply which can provide more energy than you need. Over-powering doesn't hurt as your system will take only energy which it needs.
2. Touch-Screen. This is the main navigation tool in Peppy. The software can work with screen of any size/resolution. But I recommend to use the screen of size 3.5" and resolution 480*320 minimum. I've tried 2.8" screen and found it a bit small at least for my fingers. There is no limit on higher end just make sure that it will either fit into your existing enclosure or build new one accordingly.
3. Illuminated Power push-button. Make sure that you buy button with diameter 19 mm. There is similar one with diameter 16 mm but it's suitable only for child's fingers.
4. Integrated DAC-Amplifier module. It provides conversion of I2S signal provided by Raspberry Pi into signal appropriate for feeding speakers.
5. Raspberry Pi 2. There are several models of this single-board computer. The model 2 has much better performance over its previous models because of much faster CPU. This document will discuss the usage of model 2 only.
6. Rotary Encoders. 